ASCII Table 2.0
Copyright 1998 by D.J. van Enckevort
Table of Contents
1. Introduction
2. Disclaimer
3. Installation
4. Requirements
5. Distribution
6. Using the source-code
7. Contact Information
8. Bugs
9. History
10. Advertisement
1. Introduction
I wrote this application with a Windows application in my mind which let you
pick a character and copy it to the clipboard. Well, this is, sort of a port
of that program to OS/2. It also was a good lesson in OS/2 programming for me,
because I had to find out how to resize a dialog box with its contents and how
to use the font dialog etc.
I hope you like my three day project and that it will help starting programmers
to learn OS/2 PM programming.
This program is freeware and uncrippled (maybe only a bit limited in its use),
you can use it without any need to register it or pay for it.
Version 1.1 has a few enhancements requested by users.
2. Disclaimer
This program is freeware, and you use it on your own risk, you can in no case
hold me responsible for any damage done to you, your computer or your relations
even if I was aware of the problem that caused the damage.
3. Installation
Installation of this program is straight forward, just copy all the files to a
directory on your harddisk and make an program object for the file ascii.exe.
If you don't know how to do that I will refer you to the OS/2 tutorial and
online documentation.
4. Requirements
As far as I know this program should run on any version of OS/2 from 2.0 and
above. However I did not test it on any other computer than my own OS/2 Warp
4.0 machine, so nothing is guaranteed.
5. Distribution
The distribution of this program is in one zip compressed file, preferably
called ascii11.zip. It consists of the following files:
* ascii.doc This documentation
* ascii.exe The program
* ascii.c The source-code
* ascii.h The header file
* ascii.rc The resource file
* ascii.ico The icon (Okay I stole it from the OS/2 Warp 4.0 Font palette)
* ascii.def The definition file
* makefile The makefile for VisualAge C++ 3.0
* makefile.$mm An extra file for VisualAge C++ 3.0
* makefile.dep The dependency file
* ascii.hobbes Template for hobbes
* ascii.walnutcreek Template for ftp.cdrom.com
Some of these files could be left out, because VA can create them again, but I 
include them for people with other compilers, it just might be of use to convert
the makefile to your compiler.
6. Using the source-code
You can use the source-code of this program freely, however I would very much
appreciate it if you could append this notice to any program you write which
incorporate some or all of this code: "Portions of this program are copied from
ASCII Table, a freeware program written by D.J. van Enckevort. Copyright on
those portions remains the property of D.J. van Enckevort"
Also would I very much appreciate it if you give me a notice if this program is
to any use for you.
7. Contact Information
If you have questions you can ask them by email, you should send your message
to enckevor@dds.nl and give me at least the following information:
* Your name and e-mail address
* Name of the program (ASCII Table)
* Version of the program (1.1)
* Your question (that's what it is all about)
* (preferably) Where did you find the program
* (preferably) OS/2 version number and fixpack level
If I need more information I will probably ask you.
Also you can look on my homepage for (possible) information. The URL is:
http://huizen.dds.nl/~enckevor
8. Bugs
At the moment I am not aware of any bugs, if you find one, fix it! Or if you
happen not to be a programmer, you can mail a description of your problem to
me and I will see what I can do. Nothing is guaranteed, but hey, this is free.
9. History
April 17, 1998 Version 1.1 Now saves position & size and last used font. 
Corrected some typos in documentation.
March 19, 1998 Statically linked ibmcom30.lib, so cppom30.dll (included with VA
C++) isn't needed anymore.
March 16, 1998 1.0 release.
March 14, 1998 Birth of this program.
10. Advertisement
Here is some (sneaky) advertisement. I am writing a program called Sound 
Scheme Manager, with which you can manage your OS/2 Warp 4.0 sound schems. You 
can create new schemes, rename, change or copy schemes and import or export 
them. As a bonus this program will give OS/2 Warp 3.0 (and 2.1?) sound schemes
too!
